@decompile #10567
@create TrekWars Tombstone
@link TrekWars Tombstone = #2970
@set TrekWars Tombstone = SAFE
@set TrekWars Tombstone = NO_COMMAND
@DESCRIBE TrekWars Tombstone=TrekWars, the MUSH%r%rFeb. 1, 1997 -- April 15, 1997%rMay 3, 1997 -- Aug. 31, 1997%r%rOctober 4th -- October 14, 1997%rOctober 16, 1997 -- December 23, 1997%r%rMay the MUSH Rest In Peace and rip its god into nothingness.
@set TrekWars Tombstone/DESCRIBE=no_command visual
&JOB-1 TrekWars Tombstone=This mail is being sent out to everyone. The first part contains information valuable to ALL people on the MUSH. The last few sections may only be benificial to admin or higher up members.

Our IC date is being delayed and at present a new one hasn't been assigned. It should be before September however. ALL ships should be desced and helmed by Wednesday.
Rikek has given in a semi resignation, wanting less pressure. He has given up his position as Haradar of the Cardassian Empire, and Ytec has taken over this position however the Dominion will be the leaders of this empire.

TOTAL ADMIN REORGANISATION!

We are reorganising the MUSH admin, this is how its going to be.
We are going to have 6 Gods, each having a wiz bit. We are going to have 4 Directors, each having either a wiz or roy bit. We are going to have an empire head for each emprie each having a roy bit. the positions are as follows:
GOD 1 - Jon
GOD 2 - Rikek
GOD 3 - Taylor
GOD 4 - Dan
GOD 5 and 6 have yet to be decided.
DIRECTOR 1 - Roberts
DIRECTOR 2 - Kevin
DIRECTOR 3 - Travis
DIRECTOR 4 - undecided.
FEDERATION EMPIRE HEAD - Zander/Alissa/Mardek
ROMULAN EMPIRE HEAD - Vaebn
CARDASSIAN EMPIRE HEAD - Ytec
DOMINION EMPIRE HEAD - Travis
PIRATE EMPIRE HEAD - Roberts
KLINGON EMPIRE HEAD - Aidan
MAQUIS EMPIRE HEAD - Yosh
INDEPENDENT - No empire head, request to join please.

JOBS: ALL Gods are responsible for everything, although Hardcoding is coordinated by Dan and Space/RP is coordinated through Rikek.
MUSH Security is lead by Roberts.

Thanks
Jon.
&SHASTO-1 TrekWars Tombstone=Server::Well it was to be expected I guess :( 

I succeeded in contacting him and yes he was pissed. After all my absence also meant he hadn't received his monthly payments. The server-machine therefore was a little bit confiscated. He was using it as a news server ! I made amends with him and got so far as to get the machine back after paying up the due amount. Trouble is it has to be reassembled since he removed the HDD's for his own. The HDD's where a little bit unfindable right now. They prolly ended up somewhere at his place. He reassured me he did not erase them but rather stashed them somewhere for safekeeping (in other words 2 gig was insufficient as a news-server storage disk and he replaced them with a larger disk). I did have to make a little compromise though. Since the news server is very important to him he formally requested the machine to stay available to him untill such time he could replace my hardware with a new system of his own. He promised me he would order the thing first thing monday-morning and that it would be installed (with the larger HDD wich is now in my P200) no later then end of the next week. At that time he would also have my disks reinstalled and the server could go back up as before with no data loss.

I was a bit pissed myself at the beginning but to be honest I could have gotten word to him while I was in jail just so he would know what was going on. That would have prevented the problem but I kinda had other things on my mind at the time and did not do that. So it is sorta my mistake too. If I had done that he would not have confiscated the machine.

Sha
&SM-1 TrekWars Tombstone=
 The year was 3532, war gripped the small planet named Earth. Five factions controlled the planet, and each were attempting to become the strongest. The war was called World War XVI, and many were killed. 
 Soon, however, the war slowed down. Many people wanted peace. At the end of the war, a treaty was signed. The most advanced and powerful Faction at that time agreed to release the information of the Interstellar Warp-Drive. The one condition, however, was that the other four would move away from the planet. 
 As the Factions came to peace, and the new ships were being constructed, the colonies of the star-system Sol made a joint decision to work with the remaining Faction of Earth. Together they formed the Trade Alliance of Sol. Not long after the alliance was formed, the other factions left the planet for space unknown. 
 One of these factions settled down quickly and met life in another system. This faction soon joined a group of humanoids called the Interstellar Alliance. Another faction genetically enhanced themselves on the way to their new home, where ever that might have been. They became known as the Tavener Star Empire. Another was lost, never to be heard of again by the other five. Before whatever happened that they might be lost, they adopted the name of the Falcon Confederation. A fourth faction was the Zarlock Raiders, who set to attacking most anything they came up to and stealing what they could. 
 Earth, contrary to popular belief, is not the only populated planet in the Galaxy. At least one other race had contact with a member of the Earth Factions. This one other race was the Quezarian race. They had shape-shifting abilities, but was still rather lacking in technology. They soon picked up warp drives and several other technologies, but are still behind to this day. 
Now, in the year 3612, the galaxy has mounting tension. Will there be a galactic war? Will more life of the galaxy surface? Will anyone find out what the real use of fabric softener is? Only time will tell in SpaceMUSH: The Final Frontier!
