
Name of code: Dahan's Skills System (DSS)
Version, if any: 1.0
Date of release: Sept 12th, 2002?

Description of the code, number of objects, its functions, $commands it
defines, etc.:

This is my DSS code, designed and coded by Dahan. Skills and attributes are based on a percentile system. It also features a handy feat and langauge system.  As this was originally coded for Star Wars: Age of Alliances, it does still retain some residual refereces to Force skills. It comes complete with global commands (including an +sinfo documenation command), a chargen commands object, weapon, ammo parents, and medical parents.

Code Author: Dahan
Email Address: N/A

"As used on" this MUSH, if any: A slightly modified versions is used on Age of Alliances, and several other MUSHes I cannot name.

Server required for code: This code is only intended to run on PennMUSH. May or may not run on other games.  NOT recommended for RhostMUSH.
Patchlevel/version of server required/tested on: 1.7.7p24 (SW:AoA), though probably very compatable with earlier versions of PennMUSH.
Privileges required: Needs wizard bits and an object in the global commands room.

Terms of code use: Feel free to use and modify this at your own risk.  And don't take credit for coding this system away from me. (Though 'Originally coded by Dahan, Modified by <insert name here>' is acceptible.)

Support policy:
	You're on your own, though you may try to contact me on Beyond the Fire MUSH, Star Wars: Age of Alliances, or any other MUSH where I play if you run into trouble.  Believe it or not, I do take pride in my work and don't want to see my code running poorly.

Installation instructions:
	Cut and paste the file to your MUSH while logged in as the skills wizard-builder character. Modify DB_* attributes as necessary. Place and lock down the 'd6 Chargen' object in the appropriate room in your chargen setup. Chargen exits leading to and from that room may need to be modified.

Help instructions:
	Once the game is installed, use the +sinfo command to access documentation about how to use the system.
