Name of code: Scrabble

Version: 1.3

Date of release: 22 October 2000



Description of the code, number of objects, its functions, $commands it

defines, etc.:



This package consists of 5 Things @parented to each other.

It defines the commands 'Scrabble' and 'scr' with various switches.



Code Author: Luuk de Waard

Email Address: luuk@free.pennmush.org



Server required for code: PennMUSH

Version of server tested on: 1.7.2 and 1.7.3

Privileges required: Enough free @quota to create 5 things



Terms of code use: You must have fun playing the game. You may modify the code, provided you send the author any improvements you make. (I would be very much interested in a TinyMUSH port)

Support policy: @mail or page Halatir @ M*U*S*H for support and/or bugreports

The latest version of the code is available on M*U*S*H (pennmush.org 4201)



Installation instructions:



Upload the file 'scrabble.penn' to the MUSH. Then @parent a thing to 'ScrabbleParent' and set it !no_command.

To use the dutch tile set use the NL ScrabbleParent as parent thing.

You can @clone NL ScrabbleParent and change the attributes to match the tile set of other languages. If you send me a complete tile set, I will include it in the next release.



Help instructions:



Complete help system included. Type: Scrabble/help





Changes:





v1.3 Released on 22 October 2000



Bugs Fixed:



The UNDO switch now shuffles the bag. Suggested by Trispis.



You cannot exchange tiles if there are less than 7 tiles in the bag. Reported by Vexon



L has a value of 1 in the US tileset. Reported by Trispis.



The UNDO switch was not documented.



New Features:



New Scrabble/score by Trispis.



Updated help files.





v1.2 Released on 18 February 1999



Bugs Fixed:



The full 'Scrabble' command was broken. Reported by Raevnos.

Scrabble/view bug. Reported by Trispis.



New features:



Added channels and channel switch.

Dutch tile set parentable thing.





v1.1 Released on 16 February 1999



Bugs fixes:



Bug in the the tile bag. (Heh yuck) Reported by Javlin.



New features:



Functionality added to Scrabble/view. Idea by Trispis.



Tile bag updated thanks to Grinna.





v1.0 Released on 16 February 1999



First public release

